hey girls go to Tierra so today I have a
super quick back to school hair tutorial
for you and this one is really easy you
don't even really need a mirror and the
only thing that using are like three
bobby pins and a hairband so let's get
started alright so first you're going to
want to part your hair my hair is
already just parted on the left side
above the arch of my brow and now I am
just going to move all of my hair to the
opposite side but you can kind of do it
on whichever side you prefer oh if we're
not looking directly into the cameras
because the mirror is tiny and it helps
me if I can see so I take a piece from
the front and a piece from kind of
underneath it each of them are about
like an inch and twist them together add
more hair to the bottom section twist
them together now the top section is the
bottom section add more hair so it's
kind of like a twisting French braid and
keep going and adding more and more hair
to each section till you have just two
really big sections and keep twisting
them all the way down to the base of
your twist rope braid thing so it's kind
of like a French version of a rope braid
if you will and then just tie it off at
the ends and that is it if you want to
put a couple of bobby pins in the back
like I do to keep your hairstyle in
place because I have kind of layered
hair and it tends to fall a little bit
so I only ended up using q and then you
can just kind of play with this pull in
it a little bit ends up just as this
cute romantic super super easy hairstyle
and it's great if you want your hair off
your neck or if you want this for your
first day of classes or heck you can
even do this in class if you just wanted
your hair up so I hope you all have
enjoyed this tutorial and let me know
what you guys think
the comments below let me know if you
would enjoy more tutorials like this and
please subscribe to this channel for
more content check out my website beauty
by guano comp for my daily blogs and
follow me on Twitter and Instagram
you're into that sort of thing I hope
everybody is you exploded lee and i will
talk to you soon bye